while out either I don't have people
it's bubble gown so today we're gonna
have a little heart-to-heart with the
prepping community if you're not within
that community you may not understand
everything I'm about to say because I'm
going to speak their language still
worth watching though because you're
gonna learn a little bit about it and
how to prepare yourself if you wanted to
okay instead of the people in that
community I don't know you I don't know
who's watching this but I'm willing to
bet sitting in a locker on a shelf or
buried underground or whatever five five
six seven six to forty five nine twenty
two twelve right that's what you've got
those are probably you may have some
extra random stuff thrown in there but
those are probably the rounds you have
that's what you have in quantity why why
do you have those particular counters
why does your carbine that's the ammo in
your pistol
interchangeability right makes sense why
why are you using an AR why do you have
one you telling me that is the best out
there that is a crowning achievement of
firearms design now doing it because
everybody else in your network has one
interchangeability if stuff goes loud
you can slap a magazine in their hand if
they run out of ammo why do you have ten
thousand fifty thousand a hundred
thousand millions of rounds are you
telling me you foresee a combat scenario
in which you expend more ammo than a
soldier in Iraq probably not probably
not interchangeability if you're
advanced you probably have a plan
location you're all going to meet up
that maybe you're gonna double up you're
gonna secure some one person's location
because they have all the resources
whatever everybody's going to bring
their stuff there and you're gonna run
security details have patrols out right
so first inherent in the idea of
doubling up of securing a location and
everybody bringing what they have
inherent in that idea is the idea of
sharing that's why it's there if
somebody if something happened to
somebody in your network and they don't
have all of their ammo or they don't
have whatever you've got them covered
that's what it's for that's why you do
it pooling the resources your security
detail you wouldn't send him out there
with no ammo that would be that would be
dumb you wouldn't do that because if
they have no ammo the opposition the
threat whatever it is can get through
them into you they're at your door right
nothing I'm saying right now is
controversial
nobody's gonna argue with what I'm
saying at this moment the problem is
within within this community people
focus on that gun that's the equalizer
right
but that's not all that you stockpile
that's not all you have sitting on
shelves is it you've probably got a lot
of other stuff half face respirators
p100 sn95 surgical masks you've got it
because you knew this was a threat you
knew this was coming this could happen
and you were prepared for it but unlike
the firearm you may not understand the
tactics associated with those things
because right now your security detail
they got no ammo they are out there with
no ammo they don't have the tools they
need if health care workers get sick
because they don't have the tools they
need they don't have the ammo what
happens
nobody gets treated if nobody gets
treated they get through your security
detail and they're at your door the
threats at your door I'm not saying that
you need to go and drop off your entire
stash at the local hospital that would
be counter to pretty much everything
within the prepping community that's not
what you sound what you're supposed to
do but if you have a family of four and
you're sitting on hundreds or thousands
or tens of thousands of in 95s or P
100's you have way more than you could
ever use you need like three for each
person in your family everything else
it's just gonna sit on a shelf this is
the moment you prepared for people want
to be a hero with that gun you can be a
hero right now by dropping off masks and
if you're in a small most people who
prepare you live in a small community
take it put in a bag write your name and
phone number on it
if they don't need it they'll give it
back but right now they do right now
they do your security detail is out of
ammo are you going to run them their
supplies or are you gonna stay in the
rear what are you gonna do and let's be
honest people in the in the prepping
community you don't need the masks
because you're prepared you've got food
you got medical supplies you got
cleaning supplies you're not going
anywhere you're sitting at home why
sitting I'm way up saw this coming you
have nothing to worry about because
you're not going anywhere
you don't have a need for the masks they
do they're on the frontline and what's
also being honest
you may not understand how to combat the
threat but you know about the gear
because that's what the prepping
community focuses on the equipment and
because the community tends to focus on
things that go wrong and then go really
really wrong you know how to reuse those
masks and you have the supplies tell me
you don't have a bunch of hydrogen
peroxide bleach alcohol you do and you
know how to reuse them the healthcare
community your health care providers
they've always had supplies they've
never had to think like that
they don't know a lot of them they're
learning now you can help ease that
learning curve for them
now the reality is if what I'm saying
right now is a shock to you it's a
surprise to you or you want to reject it
out of hand you're not going to make it
through any real bad scenario anyway
because you focus solely on gathering
equipment and not learning any of the
strategies or tactics that go along with
it which means in reality some sixteen
year old will the 22 is going to pop you
a new hole right in the middle of your
forehead when things get bad gonna get
lucky and the $500,000 you spent
preparing just turn to your house into a
loop box the gun is the last line you
want to make sure it never gets to that
if you got any brains in your head and
if you don't if things get bad they
won't be there long anyway if you have
extras you need to drop them off to your
local hospital be the hero because let's
be honest within the prepping community
how many of these masks are out there 2
million 5 million 10 million we don't
know because nobody says what they have
but you've got them and you've got the P
100's and those are better than the n95
you've got them you probably also have
full si burn kits which you're better
and if things get bad what are you gonna
use the si burn stuff you have multiple
layers of Defense's and you've got a
whole bunch right now that could stop it
from getting bad right now your
healthcare provider the people
protecting your community your security
detail your frontline they don't have
ammo they're running into these rooms
Donald Duck no pants
I'm not saying give up everything you
have I know that doesn't even make sense
but you got way more than you need then
you could ever need do what the whole
theory is about you've prepared for this
moment you've prepared for an event like
this you can save lives and that's what
it's about right I know some of you are
out there and you're just nuts and
you're looking forward to this because
you think you're gonna be the one that
makes it through and gets to set up a
little Kingdom or whatever real life
that's not the way it's gonna go down
because somebody's gonna get lucky and
if you haven't thought about this part
you haven't thought far enough ahead
your security detail is out in ammo get
them the supplies they need anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good day